Reserve Ki | Current Ki | Fresh Ki | Strained Ki
------------------------------------------------

Every character in the game will be levelling up their total store of ki (Reserve Ki). This is the full amount allocated to the players and NPC's based on their
training and level, and can be augmented in different ways. The total amount of Reserve Ki is private to the user and cannot be seen by anybody else, only 
estimated by others through the course of battle.

During battle and training, players and NPC's will dip into their reserve ki to store up Current Ki for attack and defense abilities. Without specialty training,
players cannot instant use attacks or defense from their Reserve... they must build it up to be able to use it, therefore proper management and strategy is required.

A player just beginning a fight or training course will have Fresh Energy, which has benefits of being drawn into Current Ki storage faster and ---
Strained Ki is energy that comes anew during a fight or training but has lost speed as it is tired energy.

The course of most battles, barring specialty moves, will have the following pattern:

Two players engage in a battle.
Both players power up (drawing Reserve Ki pool into their Current Ki pool).
Strained Ki fills the Reserve Ki back up during the fight while Current Ki is charged into attacks and defense.
Beam Attacks require summoning Current Ki to output a certain value of damage per second over a determined number of seconds/minutes.
Example: a 50 ki/sec beam attack takes about 20 secs to charge up in order to gather 4,000 Current Ki(200/sec charge) and discharge 50 ki/sec over 25 seconds(1250 ki).

A ball attack requires charging up 20 secs to gather 3000 current ki into a ball and using 1000 ki to maintain the ball during its passage into the other player.

Both beam and ball attacks essentially require a player to draw energy and divide it between the actual attack and maintaining the attack.
Further training can allow tapping into Reserve Ki to further maintain the attack but at a huge cost of Reserve Ki.

Defense:

A ball attack requries 150+% of the ball damage to implode it.
During ball attack, with training, Reserve Ki can be summoned to increase strength of ball at huge cost
A beam requires equal energy to hold it at bay and 125+% energy to repel it backwards.
During beam attack with training, Reserve Ki cab be summoned to increase strenght of beam at huge cost.

Ki Sense:

Ki sense can only sense the current ki behind the ball, the beam or the Current Ki reserve of the player, never the Reserve Ki.
The battle is always a sense of overwhelming the buildup of Current Ki (150%+) or just tiring out the other person of Reserve Ki (guessing)
