The way that Ki Sensing works in Dragon Ball Z is through feeling with one's own ki.
Even though the Z fighters are incredibly strong, whenever they power up, the other humans are not aware of it, because they are not
actively being open to sensing it. This means that powering up and releasing your own ki is not enough for others to 'feel' it.

The only way that a person can sense ki is if they are exerting their own ki, creating a ki force field around themselves. Then, once 
somebody else is powering up, that person's force field gets bigger the higher the power level is. Given enough proximity between the two
people, eventually the force field of one person's ki will reach and move into the space of the other's ki force field. That act of moving
into the space, or pushing against ki, is what alerts the other person of the powerful ki, because they can feel the quality of the ki in 
comparison to their own ki.

To replicate this in the Unity Game, we will need: 

Sphere Colliders,
OnTriggerStay / OnTriggerEnter / OnTriggerLeave,
OnCollisionEnter,

and the ability to track Collisions and Colliders.

Most likely, our characters will be using a capsule collider for their bodies. We should use a Sphere Collider (circular shape) to 
represent the ability of Ki to spread evenly in every direction. Also we cannot have multiple colliders of the same type on one object
anyways. The Collider will have Trigger capabilities, so that any Colliders touching them set of a Trigger. Since all ki sphereColliders
will be Triggers, both parties will know when their ki force fields have touched and will be able to read the same kind of data from each
other.

We will use the OnTrigger-- functions to keep track of whose Ki force fields we are interacting with, and to get a reading of how strong 
they are, how far away they are, and their point of origin in world space. These readings will also be used for players to mentally watch
fights from far away, in a similar sense when the Z fighters are on Kami's lookout and yet seem to know how the battle is faring. They are 
mentally watching where the energy signatures are moving around to, how the power levels are rising and dropping, etc.

We will use the OnCollison-- functions to control how rigidbodies react to our ki force fields. If our power levels are high, objects like
rocks and lose materials with rigidbodies should react to the AddForce physics applied to them. This will give a very realistic cause of 
objects near the player being thrown violently away while objects further away feel less of the power as it diminishes over distance. 
Anything that collides with the ki's SphereCollider should react accordingly.
