Hell's Armies
=============

After the events of the World Martial Arts tournament where Goku fought Uub, times of peace settled on the Earth.
150 Years have passed, and the only remaining members of the Z warriors are Piccolo, Buu and Vegeta.

Piccolo is now middle-aged, and oversees the affairs of the world with Mr. Popo and Dende, the Earth's guardian.
He watches from afar over the descendants of the Saiyans, whose blood has been lost over time, leaving only human qualities.
Buu, after having lost Mr. Satan, cried himself into a deep hibernation sleep, far away in the wilderness.

Vegeta, at the end of his training, took over as a god of destruction from Lord Beerus, who travels with his brother Champa from universe
to universe tasting exquisite foods. Whis now attends Lord Vegeta, who eats the fruit of the great tree, granting him extended lifespan.

-----

On New Namek, a mysterious spaceship arrives, carrying foot soldiers and extremely strong fighters. From the lookout, Piccolo senses the 
strong power levels across space and immediately gathers Earth's dragon balls and wishes himself to New Namek. During his fights with the 
strong warriors, he learns that they are an alliance of space conquerors from the South and East galaxies.

The strongest warriors are from the race of Hera, with ferocity and almost unlimited potential. Piccolo manages to defeat them except for
the last one, who uses a transformation to fight on with Piccolo. Piccolo, exhausted from all the fights, barely maintains the upper hand, 
and the Heran warrior escapes back to his ship and blasts off. 

Soon after, King Kai telepathically speaks with Piccolo, telling him that their group has been conquering planet across the NOrth and West
galaxies one after the other, lead by the Heran general Kaian. Kai explains that the news of Frieza's death by the hands of Earthlings had
reached back to his people in the South quadrant. Learning that the Saiyan, Goku, had defeated Frieza, they researched their information 
about the ferociousness of the saiyans, along with their almost limitless potential for getting stronger. Seeking to exact perfect 
revenge and continue their people's desire to rule all galaxies, they had gathered a set of dragon balls from the East galaxy's small 
group of Namekians. These Namekians were the descendants of evil Super Namekians who had been banished ages ago. With the help of the 
dragon balls, the Arcosians resurrected the decimated Heran population on the planet Hera, who were known for their limitless growth 
potential and had been destroyed by the Arcosians long ago. Promising unlimited wealth and planets to conquer, the Arcosians made a pact 
with the Herans to combine forces with the East galaxy and wipe out the North and West and divide the entire universe amongst themselves.

Piccolo realizes that the Namekians on New Namek are no match for the coming armies and thinks about the situation. "fire with fire" he 
thinks as he realizes the only race who can stand up to the Herans are the Saiyans. He gathers the Namekian dragon balls and makes a set 
of wishes.

1. Restore the planet of Vegeta.
2. Resurrect all those killed by Frieza on the day of the destruction of Vegeta.
3. Teleport all the Saiyans resurrected to this spot on New Namek.

Within minutes, thousands of Saiyans, battle-ready against Frieza, find themselves on a strange planet. Piccolo flies over the host and
calls out for King Vegeta. Vegeta flies up to meet him and Piccolo explains the situation.

"Your people have been resurrected after nearly 200 years. My name is Piccolo, and I fought alongside the remaining survivors of the 
saiyan race, including your son, Prince Vegeta. Together, we fought against the greatest warriors in many battles, and your son became 
the strongest being in the universe, as the last remaining Saiyan. Now, the galaxy is in danger again. Frieza was destroyed many years 
ago by a Saiyan called Kakarot, and now Frieza's people are coming back for revenge. Their armies are great, so we need the Saiyans to
have a chance of surviving. Fight with us and reclaim the legacy that your son has left for you."

King Vegeta senses that Piccolo is being completely honest. However he tells Piccolo, "Saiyans follow the strongest". Immediately Piccolo 
begins to power up slowly. The saiyans below read on their scouters as Piccolo's power level reaches 1 million. In shock they tremble in
fear. Piccolo announces to Vegeta that isn't even 1% of his power. Vegeta lightly bows and shows deference to Piccolo.
